API Key

Need to generate an api key to use outside of the free one and get that to work
Research needed
App Issues

When you end the session, stop the camera
When you first load the app, about 30 seconds goes by before the hello announcement - might be bug 
Whiteboard and AI need to recognize when you are writing steps, and not writing answers, etc. Should anticipate you writing steps and following along
Testing on the iPhone the camera icon does not shut off the camera. The mic icon seems to work when toggled.
When clicking Start Tutor from the Parent Portal for a child, the tutor opens, but the AI never speaks.
Shows pie charts just fine, and can identify other charts by site, however struggles with whiteboarding any other chart correctly
ai talks over itself
Ai still gives answers when not provided
Give the ability to have the ai slow down if it's talking too fast
Not showing graphs on the whiteboard with lines
Always build data or give examples based on already defined interests and hobbies
To Dos

Generate instructions (2/20/26)
Build a help menu where you can pick AI voice, and see instructions, see version, etc. (2/20)
If you can't pick the AI voice, change default. (2/23)
Publish as a site? Set up OAuth? 
"Minimize" Controls
Minimize/Hide: A toggle button to temporarily hide the whiteboard. Sometimes students need to see their full camera feed to align their paper, and the whiteboard cards might get in the way.
Export / Save Notes
A "Download Notes" button that compiles all the steps the AI wrote on the whiteboard and saves them as a clean PDF or text file. This way, the student has a study guide they can keep after the session ends.
Diagram Support (Mermaid.js)
Right now, the whiteboard supports beautiful math equations (LaTeX). We could add support for Mermaid.js, which would allow the AI to actually draw geometric shapes, flowcharts, or number lines directly on the whiteboard to help visualize math concepts.
Add Parent and Child Accounts (New! 2/28/26)
Add Parent Portal where they can manage their kids, and see the usage (New! 2/28/26)
Add Student linking to parent via code (New! 2/28/26)
Add Parent linking to student (New! 2/28/26)
get cloud cost moved (2/29)
Disclaimer for ai (2/29)
Credit for Google Gemini (2/29)
privacy policy for using AI (2/29)
add about section (3/1)
Add a Value Header
Add possible cards to the bottom to answer "What is this" (3/1 in Info button)
Onboarding Overlay for First time Users
Add Teacher Portal
Each Teacher can add an undetermined amount of students
Add Google Analytics to site for admin analytics (3/1)
MFA for the Parent Portal
Payment discussion and possible set up post submission to Google.
App would need a 2 Free accounts for John and I with unlimited child additions
App would need 6 free user accounts (we'd choose who the users are by email address).
Those 6 free accounts would be allowed 2 free children each
